So in this video, we will talk about the two files, last two files of this project.
Those are sealed on Java and show stock Java files so sealed on Java file will be used to restore the
OR fetch the information of any sale of the product.
And while show a stock about Java file will be used to show the stocks which are there in our database.
So the first file or Java file is stored.
Define inside the package store.
And we have imported the necessary packages here.
Import Java x when j panel j table j radio button action not and ArrayList.
Then we have imported Java Swing Combo Box G Label Text Field swing j table.
Default Table model.
After that, we have defined our class public sale extending panel inside the class we have initialized
the.
Sale variable of vegetable type.
Then there is a text field variable of date type.
After that, there is a combo box or.
Name this combo.
Com.
And there is a string comma and then there is a static default table model that is DTM which will help
us to model our table.
And then we have a ArrayList of a string type named as print.
After that, we have defined the.
Non parameter as constructor of the class.
Set the layout of the frame.
After that, inside is string named as other area.
We have defined date, product, company and sale.
After that, we have defined the.
Before the table model object to header comma zero pass that header.
So that will create the header for the default table model.
After that we have initialize the sale instance by passing new table, a new table and data table model
in that argument.
Then we have set the bound for that table at that table to our frame.
After that, we have defined a scroll panel over the table so that if there are multiple records in
that table, so that can be scrollable vertically.
So that why we have defined here a scroll scroll pane which will help us to scroll over those records.
Then we have set the bound for those that panel 244 comma 69 is its position and 494 cross 379 that
will be its size.
Adding that panel to our.
Frame the scroll panel to our frame.
After that, we have defined the radio button.
DS That is a daily sale.
So there is will be the radio button to check for the sale.
Either the sale you want to show daily sales or you want to check for the monthly sale.
So for that we have a radio buttons here.
First is daily sale.
For that we have set the font, its font, family font type and font size.
After that, we have set us bound X and y locations like 62 comma.
69 will be its location and its size will be 109 across 23.
Then we have added that little button to our frame and distorts that selected as true.
So the initial selection or the default selection will be of daily.
You can either change it to the monthly cell as well.
After that, we have defined another radio button as monthly cell, said the font for it font, family
font size and font type.
Then we have set bound for that.
A radio button.
So its position will be 62, one, one, two and its size will be 144 cross 23, then adding that radio
button to a frame.
After that, we have defined a label labeled as date and then we have defined the font for that label.
And the font family is the home font type is plain and font size is 18 setting its bounds, its location
will be 62, 178.
And it's.
Size will be 75.
Cross 14.
Adding that label to our frame or panel.
Then we have defined a date which is a text field setting bound for it with location 62, comma one,
nine nine and sizes 86, cross 20.
Adding that date to our panel or frame after that, we have defined the label for the format of the
date, setting it bounds and adding that to our frame.
After that, we have defined the button load.
This button load will add the or load the.
Table.
So this is the button over which we have defined the action listener and we have performed.
The action performed.
We have defined the action performed method inside which we have passed the action event object.
After that, we have installed the date from the date label inside our date variable and the company
from the selected item inside our comp variable.
Then if the DZ is selected, so if the start is selected, it will be true.
Then we will call daily sales.
So if the daily sale is selected, then we will call daily sale method.
Either if monthly set is selected, then we will call the monthly sell method.
After that, we have set the bound for that button and added that button to our frame.
Then we have defined a J label LBL company named as company set its font and then we have set bound
for it so its size and location can be decided.
Added that label to our frame.
After that, we have defined the box named as comp setting its bound so that its location and size can
be decided.
Adding that to our panel or frame after that we have added item or that comp box.
First is all, second is General Matt and Rux, and fourth is NCE or electric.
These are will be the types of companies after that over there's all those.
GMs.
So GMs is.
Yes, as is the radio, but a monthly sale.
So for the monthly sales event we have defined the action perform the event which is taking an action
event named as RG RG zero.
So we have defined the start selected false.
So if monthly or monthly selected will be monthly sale will be selected, then daily sale visibility
should set to false and.
If Daily Sale is selected.
So monthly cell selectivity should be.
Also, these are the two listeners for the daily sale and monthly sale.
After that, we have defined the daily sale method which is taking argument and com inside which we
have defined ArrayList of a string as one and as one is storing the DB to get sale.
So as one ArrayList will restore the information which will be returned by the method of the sale of
our DB class, which is taking argument of a string and a string company.
After that we have defined for string x one, x two and three.
Now in data table model we have set row count to zero.
After that, end size will be taking as one size, so the size of the array list will be divided by
four because.
There will be four columns, so the records must be divided by four so that we can understand the number
of columns.
And for that number of rows, we have iterated over this slope from zero to less than size of that.
And after that in x1x2x3x4, we have stored the respective.
Values of from the SE one is string value which will is storing the returned values from the get sale
so that in x1x23x4 all the values will be stored after that.
In the data table model we will add row with the new object array and the object array will contains
the elements x one, x, two, x three and x four, which we have just fetched from our DB or get sell
method after that if public static for void monthly sale.
So we will be selecting a date by date or split slash so that it will be split display split the date
on the basis of the slash space character.
And then we have defined the string over the dates, one, two, three, four that will contain dates
till 31.
Then there's is a list of a string, a string entity.
Then we have set the count to zero.
After that we have iterated from 1 to 31 or.
And set the entity and date to date zero one and two one.
So date zero and one.
So zero will be a containing day and one will be containing month.
And after that we have added sex doctrine.
So as to trim.
Well, trim these values.
So for one, it will have zero one.
So if there is any space to trim will be removed.
Those spaces after that as one will store the get sale from end to end.
Com so as when will be storing the return values from this method.
After that there is a similarly for strings again.
So dividing the size of s one by four so that we can count the number of those and install the data
on this respective values.
After that, we have added the data table model, added the row over the new object area for x1x2,
xx3 and x four.
So this is all about the sale or java file.
And now.
Let's check the show Stalked Java file.
So this file is also stored inside the package store.
We have imported the necessary packages here.
After that, we have defined the source top class, which is extending panel, having a table as a stock
table and a common box named as company in the default table.
Model as model.
Then we have defined the.
Non parameterized constructor, setting the layout as null.
After that we have set the boundaries and red command red entered sizes eight 4619.
Then we have defined the label labeled as available stock setting its bound and font.
After that, we have added that label to our.
Three more panel, then we have to find another.
Before table model object and then we have defined the table and pass that default table model into
that table named as a stock table setting bound for the stock table and adding that stock table to our
frame.
After that, we have added.
Column for the for our model table product ID, product detail, company and quantity.
These will be the columns to show stock.
After that, we have added a scroll panel for our table.
Then we inside the company combo box, we initialize the company its background color and set the bound
for that company combo box.
Added that company combo box in our framework panel.
After that, we have defined the items of that company all general manager index and as an electric.
These will be the types of the company.
Then we have defined the action item is not for the company and if the item is changed change then we
will update the table by calling update table method.
After that, we have defined the label labeled as company and setting its bounds and adding that to
our frame.
Then this is of no use.
Now let me remove it.
Yes.
After that button refresh, this will be used for the refresh.
So adding action listener to is and it will also update the table by using the update table method,
setting the bound for that button and adding that button to our table.
And at last we can update we will update table again.
Now here is the update table.
What is the update table method is doing that it is setting the count initially as zero.
After that there is a string ArrayList of a string name that is stock now a stock that is stored the.
Returning values of the method debate shows talk which is taking argument as comp or get selected items
or string.
So this will be selected for the type of the company and converting it to a string and pass the argument
to the debate or to stock.
After that, we have iterated over the stock size of the value and then we have added those values or
whatever.
Table by add row method.
And these values will be added from the stock ArrayList.
So this is all about the.
These two glass glasses of our project.
So this is a stock choice stock dot java.
And previously we have learned about the sale or Java file and implementation and line by line explanation
of this.
So.
Our explanation of the files have been completed.
In next video we will be showing and having a look at the complete run live run of this project.
So that's all in this video.